through the professional camera lens of
rich shied green frog takes us at the
old Santa Fe main line on the bnsf over
the Rockies from Boleyn New Mexico
through Albuquerque Cerrillos Lamy and
then for a cab ride from lay me to Santa
Fe aboard Santa Fe southern gp7 where
we'll visit Santa Fe's great historic
downtown area then we'll climb back
aboard for the return trip to Lamy we
then follow the old Santa Fe main line
on the BNSF Northup Glorieta pass and on
to Las Vegas New Mexico will continue
north through wagon mount across the
Cimarron River then through Springer and
into Raton New Mexico will see working
semaphores along this old Santa Fe line
as well as climb aboard Amtrak Southwest
Chief and enjoy some shots from the
Superliner
we're at Boland New Mexico which is the
division headquarters of the BNSF on the
tracks of the old Santa Fe mainline over
the Rockies a string of power heads back
for a train in the bullion yard and past
the old Division Headquarters Harvey
House and depot
a westbound stacked train heads for
Gallup New Mexico the Belen yard is the
thousand mile checkpoint on the
Burlington Northern Santa Fe and handles
all the Chicago to California traffic on
the newer mainline East to Amarillo
Texas the old Santa Fe mainline to
Kansas City heads north out of Belen up
through Albuquerque and then near Santa
Fe at Lamy and continues north up to
ratone pass and over the pass to
Trinidad Colorado La Junta Dodge City
and then East to Kansas City a Santa Fe
warp on it leads the train out of the
yard past the old Santa Fe sign
an eastbound stack train comes into the
yard at Belen and then we'll head for
Amarillo Texas the train will get its
1,000 mile check along with refueling
and a fresh crew before heading east
with a GE Santa Fe wide cab war bonnet
and in the second and third positions
our 2gp 45s and two SD forty - two blue
and yellow Santa Fe
you